chore: docs: Add initial `Update_Dependencies_Lotus.md` (#12107)
filecoin-project/lotus: documentation/misc/Update_Dependencies_Lotus.md

# Updating Lotus Dependencies

This guide will walk through how to update the most common dependencies in Lotus. These are the dependencies this guide currently covers:

- [Filecoin-FFI](#updating-filecoin-ffi)
- [Ref-FVM](#updating-ref-fvm)
- [Go-State-Types](#updating-go-state-types)
- [Builtin-Actors](#updating-builtin-actors)

## Updating Filecoin-FFI

> 1. In your `/lotus` folder, run `cd extern/filecoin-ffi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your `lotus` directory, `cd extern/filecoin-ffi`.
```

2. `git pull` to ensure you have the latests changes for *filecoin-ffi*.

3. `git checkout vX.XX.X` to checkout the version you want to update to.

4. Then commit the update to your Lotus branch and open a PR for updating Filecoin-FFI.

👉 Example of a [PR updating Filecoin-FFI](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/11431)

👉 If you need to create a Filecoin-FFI release, you can follow the steps outlined here: [Creating a Filecoin-FFI Release](https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-ffi/pull/461)

> ## Updating Ref-FVM

Reviewer: Move this above "Updating Filecoin-FFI" since it potentially happens before that step?

Author: Updated in: https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12107/commits/5ea960de0022ca42cb6e213a10ff4ba30c655d13

> 2. `git pull` to ensure you have the latests changes for *filecoin-ffi*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. `git fetch` to ensure you have the latests changes for *filecoin-ffi*.
```

1. The Ref-FVM dependency is updated through Filecoin-FFI. So, if you need to update Ref-FVM, you would need create a Filecoin-FFI PR similar to this: [PR updating Ref-FVM in Filecoin-FFI](https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-ffi/pull/447)

2. After the PR has been merged you would need to create a [new Filecoin-FFI release.](https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-ffi/pull/461)

3. After the Filecoin-FFI release is out, you can follow the process outlined in [Filecoin-FFI](#updating-filecoin-ffi).

## Updating Go-State-Types

1. In Lotus´s [go.mod file](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/go.mod), search for `go-state-types` and update the version to your wanted version.

2. Run `go mod tidy`, and commit your changes.

👉 Example of a [PR updating Go-State-Types](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/11732)

> 👉 If you need to create a Go-State-Types release, you can follow the steps outlined here: [Creating a Go-State-TypesRelease](https://github.com/filecoin-project/go-state-types?tab=readme-ov-file#release-process)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👉 If you need to create a Go-State-Types release, you can follow the steps to create a [new Go-State-Types release](https://github.com/filecoin-project/go-state-types?tab=readme-ov-file#release-process).
```

## Updating Builtin-Actors

> 1. In your `/lotus` folder, run `cd build/actors`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your `lotus` directory, `cd build/actors`.
```

2. Run this script `./pack.sh vXX vXX.X.X-rcX` to pull in the builtin-actors bundle into your Lotus repo. 

> - vXX is the network version you are bundling this builtin-actors for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `vXX` is the network version you are bundling this builtin-actors for.
```

> - vXX.X.X-rcX is the builtin-actors release you are bundling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `vXX.X.X-rcX` is the builtin-actors release you are bundling.
```

👉 Example of a [PR updating Builtin-Actors bundle](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/11682/)

> 👉 If you need to create a Builtin-Actors release, you can follow the steps outlined here: [Creating a Builtin-Actors Release](https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/?tab=readme-ov-file#releasing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👉 If you need to create a Builtin-Actors release, you can follow the steps to create a [new Builtin-Actors release](https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/?tab=readme-ov-file#releasing).
```
